Main Scripts:
Main_1_Data_aggregation.m
Description: This script produces MATLAB formatted data that will used later by Main_2_Data_labeling.m and Demo_3_Analysis.m scripts.
Process: It loads the raw RF data, re-segments it by a factor of 100, transforms it to the frequency domain using 2048 samples, and aggregate the results in a MATLAB data format using the following file names: 00000.mat, 10000.mat, 10001.mat, 10010.mat, 10011.mat, 10100.mat, 10101.mat, 10110.mat, 10111.mat, and 11000.mat.
Main_2_Data_labeling.m
Description: This script produces csv formatted data that will used later by Classification.py.
Process: It loads the MATLAB data files generated by Main_1_Data_aggregation.m, normalizes them, concatenates them in a matrix, adds classification labels, and save them in a csv file named RF_Data.csv.
Classification.py
Description: This script produces csv formatted data that will used later by Demo_4_Classification.m.
Process: It loads the csv data file generated by Main_2_Data_labeling.m, extracts RF data and labels, and then trains three deep neural networks (DNNs) to classify the RF data. The DNNs are cross-validated using a stratified 10-fold cross-validation method. Predicted labels for each fold are computed and saved in a csv format data file.

Demo Scripts:
Demo_1_Database_details.m
Description: This script produces the results that are depicted in Table 3.1 of the paper.
Process: It calculates the number of acquired raw samples and segments for each class at each experiment level. After that, it displays the computed details along with the class size ratios to check for class imbalance issues.
Demo_2_Snippets.m
Description: This script produces the results that are depicted in Figure 3.2 of the paper.
Process: It loads segment number 5 of the acquired RF background activities, segment number 10 of the acquired Bebop RF signals when flying and video recording, and lastly, segment number 7 of the acquired Phantom RF signals when on and connected. After that, it normalizes the amplitude of each segment and plots the normalized RF signals.
Demo_3_Analysis.m
Description: This script produces the results that are depicted in Figure 3.3 of the paper.
Process: It loads the MATLAB data files generated by Main_1_Data_aggregation.m. After that, it averages all instances of each spectra and smooths them using a 10-point moving average filter. Then, it plots the averaged smoothed spectra along with their boxplots. Finally, it asks the user whether to save the results in a PDF format image. On can generate the results of each column in Figure 12 by altering the “opt” parameters from 1 to 2, and finally to 3.
Demo_4_Classification.m
Description: This script produces the results that are depicted in Figure 4.1 of the paper.
Process: It loads the csv data files generated by Classification.py. After that, it concatenates all predicted labels and computes their respective confusion matrix using the MATLAB function plotconfusion_mod. Finally, it asks the user whether to save the results in a PDF format image. On can generate the results of each column in Figure 13 by altering the “opt” parameters from 1 to 2, and finally to 3.

Functions:
plotconfusion_mod
Description: This function is a modified version of the MATLAB built-in function plotconfusion.
Process: It computes the conventional confusion matrix but using custom fonts and appended with extra results, i.e. F1 score.

The drone’s raw RF database can be obtained using the OneDrive link:https://tutfi-my.sharepoint.com/:f:/g/personal/mohammad_al-sad_tut_fi/EtEuLLSAO9ROlefSh8Nzb18BswRNTo9vOUzE94rRjhrrxQ?e=n2H1je

Drone signals: single-signal classification scenario
The signal is uploaded in the following link:
https://kuleuven-my.sharepoint.com/:u:/g/personal/sanjoy_basak_kuleuven_be/EerXZTSHi5ZCj2i_PED6X4sBIGkQqlFQiyRpGAVzQIjBOQ?e=6q23OJ
